[THEME MUSIC]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: Today
we're going to have a chat with
the Archangels as channeled by
Joan Walker, a Gaia favorite.
This is going to be
a fascinating glimpse
into our need to raise our
level of body consciousness.
Now, most of our shows focus on
the mind and spirit, but seldom
on the consciousness
of our body.
And it's time to integrate
this whole thing.
Bring it down into
mass, right Joan?
>> JOAN WALKER: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: Welcome back.
It's so good to see you again.
>> WALKER: Well,
thank you very much.
I'm delighted to be here.
>> REGINA: And you're
pretty in pink.
I love your little pink jacket.
[LAUGHING]
For people who don't
already know you,
I'm just going to do like the
30 second elevator description
pitch of you.
>> WALKER: Great.
>> REGINA: So a number of
years ago, decades ago,
you were a Catholic
housewife and a mother,
and a businesswoman, right?
>> WALKER: Right.
>> REGINA: And suddenly
you got the urge.
Something was going on
that was tapping you,
that there was something
you needed to tap into.
You weren't quite sure what.
You came across a
book on channeling.
And voila, as I
recall the story--
it's been a few years
since you told me--
when it started, it kind
of shocked your husband.
>> WALKER: Well, it shocked me.
>> REGINA: And you.
Because this other voice come--
was he watching a football
game or something at the time,
as I recall?
>> WALKER: Yeah.
Yeah.
He was.
>> REGINA: And this voice
came out of your mouth
and you're both like someone
that belched in public--
what just happened?
>> WALKER: Right.
Well, and needless to say,
he turned the ballgame off.
>> REGINA: And it has
been going on ever since.
But as I recall too,
you didn't really
talk about this for a long time.
You didn't share it
with other people.
>> WALKER: Oh, no, no, no.
>> REGINA: Did you know
you were channeling?
Or did you think you might have
some mental illness going on?
Some people question
their sanity.
>> WALKER: No, I
didn't, bleeped or not.
>> REGINA: Because you were
otherwise were living a very
functional life.
>> WALKER: I was.
You know, I had children
that I was raising
and I had a business.
So I was a busy woman.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> WALKER: And basically,
I was out there searching
because my religion
wasn't getting it for me.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> WALKER: And so I was
familiar with the Angelic Realm.
I was familiar with what
we used to term saints.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> WALKER: You know,
that type of thing.
So I wasn't freaked out
about it or anything.
I was very grateful
for the guidance
that I was being given, and
didn't know where it was going.
And I just thought,
well, we'll just
go see what this is all about.
>> REGINA: Am I correct in
remembering it was a couple
of decades before you
really chose to share this--
>> WALKER: Oh, yes.
>> REGINA: With other people.
>> WALKER: Yes.
And it wasn't to the level
that I challenge today.
It was mostly my guides
or that kind of thing.
And it wasn't until
probably 20 years ago
that Master Kuthumi and
some of the Archangels
would start to come
and talk to me.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> WALKER: And they informed
me that this was for me,
but that they were wanting
it shared with others.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> WALKER: And that there was a
project for me in that regard.
And so that's how
it all started.
>> REGINA: And you had some
people that became prominent,
such as Jim Self-- some
people know his work--
who basically came to you
and you channeled for them.
And they based their body of
work on your channeling's.
>> WALKER: Right.
>> REGINA: And so people aside
from those in direct contact
with you were getting your
information through others.
>> WALKER: Right.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> WALKER: Because the
environment in which I lived
wasn't conducive to doing that.
And of course, I was
still involved in my life.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> WALKER: Until I sold
my business after a while
and started doing
this full-time.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> WALKER: Because it was just
what I was supposed to do.
>> REGINA: Right.
And I know you're still
reluctant at times and think,
hey, guys when is
enough, enough?
When do I get to quit?
And they keep saying, not yet.
We'll let you know if you're
ever supposed to quit.
Not yet.
>> WALKER: You know, for me,
personally, it's so rewarding.
I'm curious.
I have a very curious mind.
So then I think,
well, what about this?
What about that?
And so the information
keeps coming.
>> REGINA: And it keeps you
engaged and moving forward?
>> WALKER: And moving forward.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> WALKER: And then
sometimes I think, well,
what else would I do?
>> REGINA: Yeah, right.
>> WALKER: You
know, this is fun.
>> REGINA: I know everybody
gets a little lazy sometimes
and think, I just want a break.
It doesn't matter how
good it is, you know?
>> WALKER: You know,
I do take a break.
>> REGINA: That's good.
>> WALKER: When I
get to that point.
>> REGINA: Good.
Well, we're going to be talking
with the archangels today.
And let's ramp up
to it a little bit
in that when we were
prepping for this,
I said what's the real
focus coming through now?
And you were telling me that
that is what's coming through.
Now, I have a lot of other
questions, too, to ask them.
But the notion that
we have not yet
embodied a lot of that
spiritual knowledge
that we've been seeking,
and depending on the person,
connecting with to
various degrees,
is a problem, because
our bodies are
needing to change for our own
future evolution, the iteration
of what we will be
as a human species.
>> WALKER: That's true.
>> REGINA: In fact, I just
thought of another question
I'm writing down for them.
OK.
>> WALKER: Well, you know they
have told us that at the fall
of consciousness, the reason it
was so devastating to the Earth
and to humanity is because
everything stopped,
and we were put into
an energetic paradigm
of separation and fear.
The body didn't
function adequately.
The brain didn't process
complexity of thought.
The communication between
our different organs
where proper hormones and
other complexities of the body
were all disconnected.
So we didn't have the
luxury of remembering
who we are at that
divine level and how
we can communicate with
different dimensions
and realms of consciousness.
So that was the challenge to
bring humanity and the Earth
back into that type of mindset.
But there is such a thing as
support from your environment.
And that's where
the human comes in.
And so the reason we
fell from consciousness
was when we were
exploring matter,
making it more
dense to see if it
could maintain certain
dimensional frequency ranges.
And so we have to
reconstruct that.
And that means the body
itself, because this
is our vehicle in this realm.
>> REGINA: Right.
Well, you and I years ago were
in a little conference that
had to do with the origins.
It was a private conference, the
origins of the human species.
And what you're saying overlays
a lot with the information
I had been given
30 years ago also.
And this whole notion that--
and I don't like the
word higher and lower--
a, let's say, a lighter
dimensional intelligence
merged into this
material world, causing
so much confusion,
so much damage,
creating a two for one species
that could be almost considered
a hybrid species.
>> WALKER: Yes.
>> REGINA: And we have been
traumatized from the beginning.
>> WALKER: Oh, absolutely.
>> REGINA: And I'm going to
talk to the beings about that
a little bit.
And also about the
subsequent traumatizations
that have occurred
throughout our history
when we go through these
cycles of destruction,
where whole civilizations
are lost at a time.
And when do we get
off this wheel?
Or do we?
Or do we have to
graduate beyond Earth?
Is this just what
Earth offers us?
>> WALKER: Well, that
didn't happen overnight.
So we have to reconstruct those
refined states of consciousness
in matter, as well as
within our soul spirit.
So this takes time.
It takes evolution of
generation after generation
after generation.
And we have such as humans
an impact on our environment
and on the Earth itself, because
our bodies are part of that.
So it stands to reason as
we raise the consciousness
into more refined
states, that the body has
to change and alter
its consciousness,
follow our consciousness,
and begin to reintegrate
in a merged, unified way.
>> REGINA: That
makes total sense,
because we never did merge
properly to begin with.
>> WALKER: No.
>> REGINA: We have
been disintegrated from
the beginning, which has caused
us problems on many levels.
To say nothing of the
sheer conscious survival
level of the body just
trying to survive literally,
trying to keep itself
alive and in the game.
And then this fast
soul complex that
lives far beyond time and
space, that has no such fear,
and the clashing of
those almost two entities
living in the same
vehicle has been something
that, well, I wanted
to ask you this,
because we've talked about it
on the phone, that makes Earth
such a special needs project.
>> WALKER: It is.
It is beautiful.
Originally, it was created
to emanate those more
refined frequencies in matter.
And the matter wasn't
what we have today.
>> REGINA: No, it became more
dense over the many years
of construction.
>> WALKER: As we've
reconstructed.
So it's about learning to not
only hold your consciousness
at certain levels, but
to enhance the body.
So the body, you have to change
the neurology, the physiology,
and psychology of the body.
>> REGINA: Yes, it was
all tweaked to begin with,
but never to refine enough
level for what we need today.
>> WALKER: Absolutely.
It's huge.
>> REGINA: This is a big deal.
And here, we never
talk about this.
>> WALKER: No,
because it's all--
you know, I don't care
what religion you are.
You know where your interest
lies, that isn't talked about.
Your soul is talked about.
Your spirit is talked about.
And how to raise
that consciousness.
But it's not talked
about, the body.
The Earth itself
is a living being.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> WALKER: And it
has a consciousness.
>> REGINA: Right.
Vast consciousness.
>> WALKER: Humans then can
start that communication,
that energetic flow through
the body into the Earth.
And then receive from the Earth
what it needs to nourish it.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
And our awareness needs
to expand to the extent
that we really truly begin
embracing and understanding
that this is not a
material vehicle.
This is a vehicle made up
of information and light
for the most part.
And that can be quickly moved.
>> WALKER: Oh, yes.
>> REGINA: Very quickly
advanced once we, a, get it,
and then use some of the
tools available to us.
But if we don't even know
what we are and we still
think we're a sack of meat, not
a lot of progress can be made.
So it was important to shift
the consciousness first.
>> WALKER: Right.
And the key to that is
that mental, emotional body
moderating your thoughts
and your feelings,
because that's what
creates your reality.
So you have to become aware.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> WALKER: And choose.
You have to know
you have a choice.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> WALKER: And most
people don't know that.
>> REGINA: No, they don't.
>> WALKER: And they don't
know that they can change
their reality.
They think, well,
this is my life.
Isn't it a bummer?
Well, if you don't
like it, change it.
You are a creative
being of light.
>> REGINA: Yes.
You know so many people think,
oh, yeah, I'm a being of light.
That's not what I'm feeling.
I'm waking up with aches, pains,
feel nauseous, or whatever.
But the reality is
we truly, truly are.
>> WALKER: You truly are.
>> REGINA: On a level down to
the atomic level in physics.
We are just light
and information.
>> WALKER: Every cell.
>> REGINA: Exactly.
>> WALKER: Every part of you.
is life.
>> REGINA: So it's time
to start owning that,
and owning our responsibility,
and the privilege of that
choice to change it.
>> WALKER: Yes.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> WALKER: And so it may not
happen in this generation,
or the next, or the next.
But it's happening--
>> REGINA: Yeah, it's beginning.
>> WALKER: Slowly.
It's beginning.
People are out there searching.
>> REGINA: They are.
And people watching
this show are
what you would call classically
those people at the forefront
in consciousness.
In marketing, they like to call
people early adopters, meaning,
they're exposed to
new information.
Say, let's explore this.
>> WALKER: Right.
>> REGINA: So everyone watching
is the beginning of the wave
of the understanding.
>> WALKER: Right.
>> REGINA: And so I have notes
that go all over the map.
And what usually
happens is once we
get online with the
Archangels, they
say something that
trips another thought.
So we'll see where we end up.
>> WALKER: OK.
>> REGINA: So by the
time you come back,
we'll have a surprising
unexpected conversation.
But it is going to
center initially
around this conversation
about the body,
and where the bodies headed,
and what it's going to take,
and a glimpse into our
future as physical beings.
>> WALKER: Yes.
>> REGINA: And so whenever
you feel ready to go,
we'll go ahead and bring online
whoever chooses to show up.
I don't know who
it's going to be yet.
Do you?
>> WALKER: Yes, I do.
>> REGINA: Who will
we be speaking with.
>> WALKER: Lord Metatron,
who is a lord of light.
But he is much more than that.
And he oversees not just
Earth, but all physical realms
of source.
>> REGINA: Yes.
And I like him.
We've spoken before.
>> WALKER: Yeah, he is a
awesome being of light.
>> REGINA: I agree.
I look forward to
being hooked up.
>> WALKER: OK.
>> REGINA: OK, Joan,
we'll give you a moment.
>> WALKER: OK.
Greetings.
It is I, Metatron.
I am delighted to be here today.
I am part of a massive
collective consciousness that
oversees all realms of
form, bringing it back
to its original state
of consciousness.
So today I would like to
talk about the importance
of the human body.
It is such a beautiful
Christed vessel.
And that awareness,
that consciousness
has been disengaged for a very
long time in your history.
It's time now to
reintegrate that awareness,
that consciousness, that light,
and bring Earth and all humans
back to their intended
purpose as a reflection
of the divine light.
So it stands to reason
that we are not just
talking about your
consciousness, your soul
journey, or the soul spirit
merge that occurs as you
raise your consciousness.
But now we have to involve
the physical realm itself.
And we begin with the
body consciousness.
The body that you have in
your possession at this time
was created at the fall.
It was created to
exemplify and experience
separation, and paradigms of
fear through that separation.
So it must be brought back
into a state of communication
and of unity, consciousness.
And that cannot happen until
the body's consciousness is
changed.
You, as that divine
soul spirit, have
been able to raise your
level of consciousness
to certain degrees.
So now you must teach your body,
the vehicle, the dense vehicle,
to follow your consciousness and
to begin to have communication
within the bodily system,
within the organs of the body,
within the fluids of the
body, and bring in more light
so that the body
has a consciousness,
the Earth has a consciousness.
But the human element,
the human divine form
has a spirit and a soul.
And so it's through
that evolution
of that soul's
consciousness that it
begins to lead the
realms of form, the body.
And then the body transmit
that to the Earth.
And the Earth responds and
begins to alter the Earth
consciousness.
So the environment, then,
is conducive to what you now
call an evolution into
that fifth dimension, which
is a more refined
dimension, that
is based in unity and love.
So you have to have an
environment to hold that.
So it stands to reason
that you as a creator being
have to create that
through your consciousness.
>> REGINA: Indeed.
And I have several questions.
And I'm sorry to
interrupt you, but I
want to ask this now
because it remains
a mystery to me and
probably everybody watching.
And that is the
notion that if you
are looking at us
on a atomic level,
there isn't anything
there there.
There is a concept and there
is this kind of a form.
But there is no material to us.
On an atomic level, there's
very little material.
And so how is it that we can
perceive and live in something
that feels so dense and solid?
What is this illusion that runs
through the five senses that
allows us to experience such
incredible solidity or density?
>> WALKER: It's at an energetic
level, at an atomic level.
Every cell vibrates to a
certain frequency range.
And when there is
distortion and fragmentation
within that energetic
at the atomic level,
then it provides an environment
for illusion to exist.
>> REGINA: This
makes perfect sense.
Why didn't I already know this?
>> WALKER: You knew it.
You forgot it.
>> REGINA: I forgot it.
Of course.
Yes, that makes perfect sense.
Of course, you're going
to experience anything
in the range of
refinement or density
according to the
level of consciousness
as pervading that
space or entity.
>> WALKER: Exactly.
So now you understand
the importance
of altering the physicality and
the changing that fragmentation
to a more unified communication
system within the energetics
themselves.
When that fragmentation
happened within your body
at that molecular
state, in the body
there was fragmentation in
the neurology of the body.
The brain didn't
function properly.
It couldn't process complexities
of thought or awareness.
Not only the neurology,
but the physiology--
there was no communication.
The aging process
happened very quickly.
And there was a
lot of distortion,
and pain, and misery in that.
>> REGINA: Yes,
in the beginning.
>> WALKER: In the beginning.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> WALKER: So then you had
this psychology which includes
the mind and the emotions.
There was great
fragmentation in that.
So there was a time
lapse in what you thought
and how you felt, when they
should operate as a unit.
This is the most creative
part of the human form.
>> REGINA: The ability to
feel and think simultaneously?
>> WALKER: And create a reality
in those more refined states
of consciousness, and
realms, and dimensions.
>> REGINA: So would you say then
that the beings on this planet,
the humans who have chosen
to cluster themselves
into a spiritual environment,
often in isolation,
and learn how to alter their
frequencies to the point where
they can maybe even appear
to be walking through a wall,
this is just a raising of the
frequencies to a more normal
level of where our
bodies should be?
>> WALKER: Correct.
But there's another part of that
that you have to understand.
Humanity is the collective.
And they need
humans, other humans,
to change the environment.
You imprint the collective
consciousness of all humanity
regardless of the
state of consciousness
of some of the humans
that occupy Earth.
You then alter the
consciousness of the Earth
through the
elemental communities
and through your ability
to create more effectively.
>> REGINA: Is the
Earth requesting--
I mean, I know that
It's to their benefit
for the human realm to
refine our own frequencies
and understanding.
But is it as though she's
acting as a patient grandmother
waiting for this to occur--
>> WALKER: Yes.
>> REGINA: So that she also
can be freed to raise her own
frequencies as the host of all
of the animals and kingdoms
here?
>> WALKER: Absolutely.
Now you have it.
So one is dependent
on the other.
There is no separation
that can be present
as the refinement through the
different dimensions happen.
The whole way of perceiving
time is altered dramatically.
>> REGINA: So when we go into
these more refined states
of body consciousness, time
is going to pass differently
or feel different?
>> WALKER: Oh, absolutely.
>> REGINA: Because I've
been told it in the ancient,
ancient past it moved very
differently when we were
of a different frequency level.
>> WALKER: Absolutely.
So basically what you
have is very linear
and it's very dense.
You have past, present, future.
Very little present.
Your mind is occupied
with past and not
creating that, or getting
out of it in some way,
releasing yourself from it.
Or you're occupied with what's
going to happen tomorrow
or how is this
going to affect me?
That's another big paradigm
of that linear third, fourth
dimension is survival.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> WALKER: And that is a huge
draw on the consciousness.
So as you begin to educate
yourself and the body
into these more
refined states, and you
are capable of holding that
refinement within yourself,
then you teach the body
to become more unified.
That's when time shifts
into another paradigm,
shifts it's more circular.
There are no missed
opportunities.
Everything is in the present.
The past-- and
you're experiencing
that now if you don't remember
what happened yesterday.
And the future is
yet to be created.
>> REGINA: Exactly.
>> WALKER: So you have to
operate now so there are no
missed opportunities.
Everything is circular.
If you choose not
to take a path--
and it is in the highest
interest of you as a human--
that'll come back around
in a different sequence
and draw your attention
again until you act on it.
>> REGINA: This is so critical.
This is something that's
been on my mind a lot--
and I've been trying
to share doing
lectures here and there--
this notion of the now
and that all things
are created now.
They're not created from
yesterday or tomorrow.
And just what you said, it
was wonderful validation,
this preoccupation with our
survival, our well-being
in the past and in
the future is so
blocking our ability to create
what we actually desire now.
>> WALKER: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: And we can't have
that outcome if you're not
doing it right this minute.
>> WALKER: Right this minute.
>> REGINA: I love it.
>> WALKER: It is so imperative
that you understand that you
are a creative being and what
you create in the now actually
is reflected in your reality.
So you have choice in every
thought that you think
and every feeling
that you invoke.
And if you don't like a
situation, it's up to you
to change it.
And when you change
it, everything shifts,
and you hold a different
light frequency,
you hold a different
state of consciousness.
So you begin to have more
unity within the system.
And you have more value for you.
That's another thing, not having
an awareness of value in self
as a human.
You are like no other species
in the creative realms.
>> REGINA: Tell us a little
more about ourselves.
We love hearing about
how special we are.
>> WALKER: You are, but
you've forgotten your words.
>> REGINA: That's OK,
you're helping us remember.
>> WALKER: In that denseness
when you are so engaged
in the reality of form, then you
become really engaged in that
survival mechanism.
And because you can't
create effectively--
your mental emotional
body is fragmented--
that's the key right there,
that's your creative force
within form, within
levels of you.
So you miss-create.
And so then you're
told, oh, you're bad.
You're less than.
You need somebody to
come along and save you.
Humans have to save humans.
Every human that is embodied
on this planet today
is unique unto themselves.
No two are alike.
So you have a piece.
And then if you don't like
what's happening in your life,
change it.
Pay attention to your thoughts.
Pay attention to the feelings.
Because that is what
manifests in your life.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> WALKER: So if you have an
awareness that you are not
special, but unique, you were
created for a unique purpose
of raising human consciousness,
you have a piece in that.
But it's up to you to
create it in your life.
>> REGINA: OK, let's get
down to some nuts and bolts.
So here we have this
vehicle that tells voltage.
We have voltage on
a cellular level.
>> WALKER: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: Micro volts.
But nonetheless, when you
put all these cells together,
a lot more voltage.
>> WALKER: Yes.
>> REGINA: And yet we run
around saying, I'm so tired,
I'm so drained, my
batteries drained.
And that's how humans talk
about our own energy field
so often is that we're
tired and we're drained.
If we have a natural abundant
supply of voltage in our cells,
first, is that being dampened?
And number two,
if we do have it,
why aren't we able to utilize
it or access it properly?
>> WALKER: Well,
you're in an illusion.
You're in a lower
frequency range.
When you say I am, you are
creating a state of being.
>> REGINA: When you
say I'm so tired--
>> WALKER: So exhausted.
So if you know that in your
awareness, what should you do?
>> REGINA: Well, change the
thought and language first,
right?
>> WALKER: Yes, right.
And create something that
results that can give you
an energetic influx.
If that means take a nap, if
that means take a deep breath
and alter whatever
thoughts are creating
the stress in your system
where the brain is not
processing thoughts
adequately or consciously.
And then it is immediately
connected to a feeling.
And the feeling is brought
through the body consciousness.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> WALKER: So when you feel
like you're debilitated--
first of all, what caused it?
Is it recurrent thoughts
of being less than or not
able to manage your life?
>> REGINA: Or just living
a repetitive life that
doesn't have creativity
and joy in it.
>> WALKER: Exactly.
So you have to get
real with yourself,
be honest with yourself,
and not allow that to go on.
So we go back to that
mental and emotional body.
That's your creative force.
>> REGINA: So instead--
>> WALKER: That's what
puts it into reality.
>> REGINA: We might just
say something as simple when
we're tired as I'm going to take
a couple of really refreshing
deep breaths and I'm going
to feel alive and vibrant,
and just change it--
>> WALKER: Exactly.
>> REGINA: That quickly.
>> WALKER: And then make
sure that the body is getting
adequate rest.
In these times of
change and transmission,
all these light frequencies
that are coming onto the planet
today are taking a toll on
the fragmented human form.
So the more that you
can teach that body
to be open to that influx,
but to also make corrections--
so make sure you're
getting enough rest.
>> REGINA: This is a tough
one for humans because we have
programmed ourselves that we're
supposed to be busy little
beavers as long as there's
light out, and go, go, go,
especially in the West.
And in indigenous cultures,
there's more rest.
But among the people in the
Western modern civilization,
it's almost seen as a
detriment, as you're
a lazy person for
example, if you take time
to just fall asleep in
the middle of the day.
And everyone I hear
is saying, god,
I just feel like I need
more rest, more sleep.
So perhaps we need
to hear what you just
said reinforced a little bit.
No, take your time to
sleep wherever you can.
>> WALKER: Well,
and it's a choice.
Just like you get up in the
morning and if you have a job,
or whatever it is
you're doing, you
have a basic schedule
that you want
to keep during that day to be
effective in what you're doing.
So where is it in that that
you spend private time for you,
recharging, nourishing you?
If that means you have to get
up an hour earlier to recharge
and center your
energy in your heart.
This is so misunderstood.
How can you love another
if you don't love yourself?
And for many of you
that's very hard.
>> REGINA: Well, for reasons we
talked about in the beginning.
>> WALKER: Right.
So take some time for you.
Nourish yourself.
Take some of your off time.
What is it that nourishes you?
And if that means go for a hike,
if it means sit by a brook,
if it means getting
a massage, whatever,
put that into your
priority list.
If you like to be
creative, what is
it that really feeds you
and gives you energy, not
detracts from that energy?
>> REGINA: Right.
Now, let's go into the subject
of the glandular system
in the reintegration or
integration about the gland
that working properly.
Right now, on this
planet, it seems
there are issues with a
number of glands going on.
We have problems
with our secretions
of dopamine and serotonin.
We have problems with the
glands communicating properly
with the pituitary and back.
And how do we begin bringing
our glandular system
into alignment?
>> WALKER: Well, first of
all, when you are in stress,
and negativity, and survival,
you create hormones that are
not helpful.
Adrenaline, and a lot of you are
addicted to an adrenaline rush.
>> REGINA: That is true.
>> WALKER: And that is very
debilitating to the body
itself, because it limits
the body's ability to produce
the hormones and change the
molecular system at a cellular
level.
>> REGINA: So are you saying
that the cortisol output is
such that it's so dense that it
kind of blocks the production
of the fine spectrum and
balance of the other hormones?
>> WALKER: Right.
And you don't have
adequate communication
between the glands.
And so that the glands
do not produce adequately
the hormone that keeps it
in health and well-being.
And this is also related
to the body consciousness.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
Sure.
>> WALKER: When you
have fragmentation
and you're operating on
those stress hormones,
because they agitate you,
you're alert, and you're moving,
when you're operating there,
it limits what that gland can
produce that creates the
health and well-being.
>> REGINA: Thank you for that.
That is a really clean,
clear excellent explanation.
We all know that we should
not be cortisol junkies going
on adrenal rushes.
But most people,
it's not explained
exactly how that works.
And so I thought
that was very useful.
So avoiding stress,
learning how to do
what we need to do, whether
by way of breathing, or yoga,
or walking, or meditation
keep those stress levels down
so we can create that
fine array of hormones.
OK, now let's go to
something very controversial
right now on this planet, food.
It's one of those
controversial topics.
I mean, we're divided
on every level.
But we've never been
more divided on food.
So the food sources
that will take us
into this more refined state.
Is that just down
to the individual?
>> WALKER: Well, basically
it depends on your body type
and where your consciousness is.
That's another disconnect.
Humans, on the most part, don't
communicate with their body.
>> REGINA: No, we drag
it around with us.
>> WALKER: Yes, it's just there.
So the body has needs
and the body has likes
through the tastes.
You know, there has been a lot
of teaching around getting rid
of the five senses.
You can not raise the
body consciousness
without those five senses.
>> REGINA: Thank you.
Please elaborate
a little bit more.
>> WALKER: So it is through
the smell, taste, touch, sight.
All of these things.
And it's very individual.
Now, you have so
much compromised food
that do not hold light energy.
And it doesn't nourish the body.
And you think, well, I
need more, more, more.
And the body gets bigger
and bigger and bigger.
But it still is not satisfied,
because it is eliminating
more and more light.
So you have to eat more natural.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> WALKER: Things that
are not so hybrid.
>> REGINA: Packaged
in boxes, so to speak.
>> WALKER: Right.
And you have to
listen to the body.
>> REGINA: This is hard,
because people here,
they see the news reports
on this study, that study.
A new book comes out--
you should only eat plants
and drink plant juices,
and that is the only
way to move forward.
And I can understand
there is a level
of refinement in these
beautiful, live, colorful
enzyme rich plants.
So I think no matter
what for most people
having that in the diet works.
But then others are, no,
that goes all the way
to a pure carnivore diet.
Don't eat any plants.
Only eat meat.
You'll lose weight really fast.
And everything in between.
And people are so confused
because the weight has
ballooned up, the energy
levels have gone down,
and so everyone's grasping at
whatever the newest straw is.
>> WALKER: Well, here again
we go back to the body type
and the body consciousness,
and what the body needs.
There has to be a balance in the
nutritional value of the foods
that you ingest.
So you can't have strictly
one thing or the other,
because the body will
not be satisfied.
And you will not
maintain or achieve
what you think that you should.
And that cannot become a
lifestyle of communication with
the body.
The look of the food, the
feel of it in your mouth,
the texture, the taste of it.
You have to reorient and reteach
the body to pay attention
to these things so that you
know what the body needs.
The body tells you.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> WALKER: So if
you're craving bananas,
you're craving spinach,
you're craving a certain type
of fish--
>> REGINA: Ice cream.
[LAUGHING]
>> WALKER: Of course.
But it's all in moderation, and
balance, and paying attention.
So you may go weeks and
really desire spinach.
Eat it.
And at the end of those weeks,
then the body's satisfied
and say, OK, now we can
experience something else.
>> REGINA: Yes, I
agree with that.
And I see that the body goes
through these desire cycles.
>> WALKER: Yes.
>> REGINA: And these
pushing away cycles,
I noticed that even aside
from all the healthy foods,
some of the what are considered
less healthy foods like
chocolate, or ice
cream, or cookies,
or so forth that there's a
period where the body simply is
trying to reject those
things, doesn't want them.
And oftentimes if
we are continuing
to get caught on
this carb cycle,
it seems that more has to
do with our emotional brain
activity and maybe depression
or a lack of proper dopamine
levels in the brain.
>> WALKER: Correct.
So an excess in refined
sugar, an excess
in salts that you
do not take notice
of in certain processed foods
or certain prepared foods.
That upsets the equilibrium of
the molecular chemical system
itself.
And so you think you need
more, more, more, more.
>> REGINA: No.
>> WALKER: No, you
need a balance.
And you need to recognize
that these foods disengage
the proper flow of the chemicals
in the body, the hormones,
the hormone function.
So you get on a cycle where you
are addicted to these things.
They're satisfying in some
way to the lower denser
form of you.
>> REGINA: And no
good comes of it.
>> WALKER: No, it's
very destructive.
>> REGINA: Yes.
So I just wanted to get
that part on the table.
And beyond that,
each body's needs
are different when
you're playing
in the spectrum of natural
foods naturally produced--
>> WALKER: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: By the Earth.
>> WALKER: And you have to
reorient your senses into what
is pleasing, the
taste, the textures.
It's very important,
because you have
to teach the body to
reorient itself out
of those destructive things
to have more balance so
that it can function in unity.
>> REGINA: So let's speak about
on a psycho spiritual level
perhaps some of the ways in
which we can begin consciously
choosing to allow integration
better between our organs,
and our glands, and
our bodies systems.
Are there any that
you could tell us
kind of quickly simple
little visualizations
that we might do that can
begin integrating these things?
>> WALKER: Well, stay
conscious when you're eating.
Don't just sit down and eat it.
Look at it.
Look at the colors.
Look at the textures of the
different things on your plate.
And then take time to
taste it and to feel what
that feels like in your body.
Your body will tell you.
So pay attention.
When your body is
like, eh, I'm full.
I don't want that.
This just doesn't appeal to me.
Is it the color?
Is it the texture?
Is it the taste?
Pay attention.
>> REGINA: And so this is all
refining data so that we can
start leading ourselves
onto a much clearer path.
It starts bringing the
integration of these body
systems.
The organs and the glands
begin to work together,
honoring as you say, the need
to rest, or be massaged, or take
care of ourselves.
When that's calling to us, don't
shut it down and walk past it.
>> WALKER: Yes.
>> REGINA: And so these are
some really beginning points
for the body.
Please share with us
some more meaningful ways
that anybody can begin
approaching this integration
in terms of our--
what am I trying to say here?
Like I said, in terms of is
there a vision of ourselves
that helps?
I mean, like, to see ourselves
filling up with light
as a little meditation.
To see our DNA take on
shimmering clean lines,
spirals, and colors.
Is there something
you would recommend?
>> WALKER: Well, those
things are all helpful.
But at the end of
the day, you have
to establish within yourself
what is right in your world
and what needs to be changed.
>> REGINA: Very true.
It takes the hard work and
not just visualization.
I hear you.
And here we're looking at a
time that is so stressed out,
where people are so polarized.
And as you said
from the top, it's
our mind and emotions
that are actually
the ones that are keeping
us disintegrated physically.
>> WALKER: Yes.
And the other thing
about that is you
are influenced by the
outside circumstances
that you did not create.
So don't take
responsibility for that.
See it for what it is.
There is a new energy coming
onto the Earth at this time.
There is a light frequency
that is being transmitted now
from the more refined realms.
And it is being brought into
this form now to enlighten it.
And it is called a
field of transparency.
So when you are in this illusion
state and certain relationships
or certain outside events,
you can see it for what it is,
and that it has
no bearing on you.
It doesn't show you who you are.
It's an illusion
of the denseness
of that particular dimensional
frequency and paradigm.
>> REGINA: So we do ourselves
a disservice when we buy
into these dysfunctional
discordant stories around us.
>> WALKER: Yes.
And it's everywhere.
It's in the workplace.
It's in your socialization,
in your relationships.
It is so destructive,
this blame,
to blame another for
your circumstance
when you are part of the
creation of that circumstance.
And maybe there are things going
on the other side of the Earth
that you don't have
any resonance with.
Is it up to you to fix it?
It's up to you to be aware of
how you're reacting to that
and how that is affecting
you and your ability
to create more refined
states of awareness
to where there is calm and
harmony within the system.
And magically,
what happens then?
When you transmit
that, it goes into
the collective consciousness
of humanity and the Earth,
and very slowly begins to
transmit a different frequency
into that collective
consciousness.
Now, is that going
to change overnight?
Absolutely not.
But you are seeing
it very slowly where
certain people in communities
change things that
benefit the entire community.
They have an idea.
Oh, we could do this, or we
could have a farmer's market,
and we could share
some of these things
with people that aren't
able to have access to it.
There are all kinds
of creative things
that happen when you maintain
that center within yourself
and are not affected by
your outside environment
if it's negative or destructive.
Because it doesn't reflect
who you really are.
And this is very important to
hold onto that consciousness.
So you have to cultivate
it and review it every day.
Recognize it every day.
And then at the end of the day
you look and you say, yeah,
wow, I was tempted to think
this or react this way,
and I didn't.
Isn't that great?
Or, I kind of missed
the mark today.
But tomorrow, I'm
going to pay attention.
>> REGINA: So it's a massive
re-education process driven
by self for our own
personal refinement.
And in that, it
affects the field
which touches with others,
which collectively raises
the field of consciousness.
>> WALKER: Exactly.
>> REGINA: OK, thank
you for all of that.
And now I want to
ask you another kind
of controversial topic.
And it has to do
with the merging
with artificial
intelligence and what's
going on with technological
intelligence on the planet,
and the potential interface
with human consciousness.
>> WALKER: And my
question is, why?
>> REGINA: Why would we do that?
That's my question, too.
>> WALKER: Because,
let me tell you why.
At this denser level with
lack of communication
and the illusion that is within
the neurology of the body
and the ability of the mind
to process unknowing of self,
in the body you doubt
your creative abilities.
And you always look outside
of you for something
better, something
more intelligent
that will suffice because
you are incapable of creating
it yourself.
What a huge disservice
to humanity.
>> REGINA: Well, I
couldn't agree more.
In fact, I remember reading
a quote that was fascinating
and it touches into
what you're saying.
It was saying, if a picture
is worth a thousand words,
essentially a feeling is
worth a thousand thoughts.
>> WALKER: Exactly.
>> REGINA: Because so much
subtle information is embedded
in any given feeling.
So much had to take
place within our aura
to be able to have such a
complex array of information
come in and result in a feeling
if you could only deconstruct
it, which of course is not part
of artificial intelligence.
>> WALKER: No.
>> REGINA: And we
denigrate that.
>> WALKER: Yes,
because you doubt.
What causes the doubt?
What do you have to do to
be confident in yourself
as a creator being of light?
What is it that's missing in
that state of consciousness?
What are you allowing
to further fragmentation
in the mental and
emotional body?
You have no idea the
power, the creative power,
within that particular
part of humanity.
Humans are unlike any other
species in the galaxy,
in the universe.
They are capable not
only of creating a very
refined dimensional frequency.
But they are capable of
using undifferentiated light
of the creator of all that is,
bringing it through their body,
and creating more light
at a more physical level,
and transmitting that, and
altering more of the species,
and altering a planet.
This is not just about
raising consciousness.
This is about raising the body.
It's about raising a
Christed planet that reflects
the divinity of who you are.
>> REGINA: I think that's
a lot for us to think about
and for us to take in in
all of its beauty and glory.
And it's not going to
happen fast, like you say.
It's not a quick fix.
But that is what's
available to us.
That is our right
to choose and use.
>> WALKER: Exactly.
>> REGINA: And
refine and develop.
>> WALKER: And so my question to
you beloveds, all humans, why?
And what are you waiting for?
Are you willing to
take the steps that
are required to eliminate
this fragmentation, this one
piece of fragmentation
in the human form,
the mental emotional
body, and recognize
the divine inner
self so that you can
be confident in your creations?
And you will look
forward in joy.
But it takes an element--
another element.
You have fire, water,
air, Earth, energy,
but there is another
element that's
coming into being very slowly.
And it's called the
element of love.
Humans misperceive
that as an emotion.
And yes, it's brought
through the emotions.
But it's a very creative,
powerful element.
And it is part of
any creation that
is done in that fifth
dimensional sequence and above.
So your duty now is to get
yourself to hold that frequency
in that fifth dimensional
sequence stably
so that you have
unity within yourself
and you have love in your heart.
First of you, because
it begins with you.
And then you open that
heart and transmit it.
>> REGINA: And does that not
feel like embodied light?
>> WALKER: Yes, of course.
>> REGINA: Because
it feels to me,
it's like a rush of just that
love, that universal solvent,
like a rush of light
more than an emotion.
>> WALKER: There's no separation
between love and light.
>> REGINA: Yeah, there you go.
Well Metatron, we're
having so much fun.
And I never got to
most of the questions.
So we'll have to do this
another time, because you've
ended this for us I think on
such a powerful note and such
an empowering note.
And I want to thank you for
choosing to come through Joan
and join us today.
And we will take
Joan back whenever
you're ready to release her.
Thank you.
>> WALKER: I would like to
leave you with this one thought.
You have just begun.
And we are amazed at what
you are able to accomplish.
So just continue.
We support you 100%.
>> REGINA: Thank you
on behalf of all of us.
>> WALKER: You are very welcome.
Blessings.
>> REGINA: Welcome back.
>> WALKER: Well, hello.
>> REGINA: Hello.
I'm sorry, we don't
have any time for you.
>> WALKER: That's OK.
That's OK.
>> REGINA: We just
used the entire hour.
>> WALKER: I was here
to deliver a message.
I did my job.
>> REGINA: Thank
you so much, Joan.
That was really very, very
powerful, very beautiful.
And it's something
that I think all of us
need to listen to
again and again.
Because each time we
hear it, the information
is going to be felt
on a different level.
>> WALKER: Yeah, these
things lately are transmitted
and they're multilayered.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> WALKER: So as you can
absorb a certain layer,
you get to another layer.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> WALKER: So maybe next
time when we talk, you know,
people be at a different state,
and we'll talk about something.
>> REGINA: Oh, well,
yeah, all my notes here.
Forget that.
That was divine.
So literally, it
just felt wonderful.
So thank you, Joan.
>> WALKER: You're so welcome.
>> REGINA: And safe
travels back home.
I know we got a little
snow coming up here.
So thank you.
>> WALKER: OK.
>> REGINA: I hope you enjoyed
this conversation with Joan
and the Archangels.
I was just blown away by it.
If you'd like to join in
with Joan's classes or some
of her other work, you can
go to joanandjohnwalker.com.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[THEME MUSIC]